#summary Basic usage of Frostwave
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Example usage of basic Frostwave features.

== Core ==

=== Camera ===

Initialize the camera with starting position and starting size
{{{
Camera.Initialize(new Vector2(0, 0), new Vector2(1600, 1200));
}}}
To have the camera follow a sprite
{{{
Camera.Follow(mySprite);
}}}
To move the camera X and Y pixels from it's current position.
i.e. move the camera right 200 units and down 300 units
{{{
Camera.MoveDelta(200,300);
}}}
To move the camera to a specific X,Y coordinate 
{{{
Camera.MoveTo(400,300);
}}}

=== Director ===

To load to a new screen, and delete all current screens:

{{{
Director.SwitchScreen(false, new TestScreen());
}}}

To load an array of new screens, and delete all current screens:

{{{
GameScreen[] scr = new GameScreen[2];
scr[0] = new Background();
scr[1] = new MainMenuScreen();

//is not loaded from a loading screen, the array of screens
Director.SwitchScreen(false, scr); 
}}}

=== GameScreen ===


=== Grid ===

Initialize the (static) grid with a cell size, grid size, and the number of neighbouring cells to restrict the spatial partitioning to. 
{{{
Grid.Initialize(200, new Vector2(1600, 1200), 1);
}}}
Assign the cell which will be the "parent cell". The cells around this cell are the neighbouring cells.
{{{
Grid.ParentCell = new Vector2Int(1, 1);
}}}

=== Log ===
Write out a string of text (such as an error) out to a log.
{{{
Log.Write("ERROR: File not found");
}}}

== Graphics ==

=== Gui ===

==== Button ====
Create 3 images in this fashion:
Exit_i, Exit_h and Exit_d
These are the images correspond to the buttons when they're idle, highlighted and depressed.

Initialize the button with the filename of the images and the starting position
{{{
btnPlayGame.Initialize(@"Content\Graphics\PlayGame", new Vector2(300, 300));
}}}

==== ScreenImage ====
ScreenImage is an image that will be displayed in screen coordinates.
This will generally  be a GUI element, such as a logo or other image in the GUI.

Parameters are position (screen coordinates) and rotation in radians.
{{{
logo.Initialize(new Vector2(400,200), 0f);
}}}

In order to load an image file into the ScreenImage you must:
{{{
logo.LoadContent(contentManager, @"Content\Graphics\logo");
}}}
==== Textbox ====
Initialized by inputting the top left position of the text box, the top left position of the beginning of the text, the colour of the text, and the character limit of the text box.
{{{
tboxHighscoreEntry.Initialize(new Vector2(300,200), new Vector2(310, 210), Color.White, 20);
}}}
=== Renderable ===

=== ScreenItem ===

=== Sprite ===

=== WorldImage ===

=== WorldItem ===

== Input ==

=== InputState ===

=== Rat ===

== Math ==

=== Vector2Int ===